[Music]
in this video we'll guide you through
the process of setting up a new user and
how to log in for the first time
currently there are four roles available
admin editor live and reporter to add a
new user click on add new enter their
email address first name and last name
next select the roles for the new member
it's essential to assign at least one
role for the user to gain access
additionally decide whether the new user
will need to log in with an
authenticator once added the new user
will receive an email from Cutting Room
containing a personal URL and a
temporary password copy and paste the
URL into Google
Chrome enter your email address and the
temporary
password then create a new password you
will now have access to Cutting Room to
access all settings you must have an
admin role
the editor role is for General editing
tasks the live role provides access to
the live
section and the reporter role is
designated for using the reporter app
[Music]